readme.md, before:

# reggie.js
## The shitty successor of the shitty [Solstice Bot](https://github.com/baabaablackgoat/SolsticeBot)
because why not.

This is a rewrite from the ground up. Features will be missing, and new features will be added. ~~Not like anyone cares about the bot anyways.~~

## TL;DR:
- Install Git, Node.JS, ffMPEG.
- `git clone https://github.com/baabaablackgoat/reggie_js`
- If you're on Windows: `npm install --global windows-build-tools`
- `cd reggie_js; npm install`, wait for completion. 
- Add the missing files (see next section)
- `node run`
- ???
- Profit 

## Missing files
If you do end up cloning this bot, you will be missing a few things.
- ./token.js. Refer to templates/token_template.js for a formatting guide.
- The music_files directory. Create it and drop your shit into it. Done.

You can mess with this bot as much as you want. Make it better, make it worse, make it A S C E N D - whatever you do is up to you, and therefore your responsibility, mate.

Lots of love, ~ baabaablackgoat

Commit message:

added discord js to readme cause i feel like that's important.

readme.md, after:

# reggie.js
The shitty successor of the shitty [Solstice Bot](https://github.com/baabaablackgoat/SolsticeBot), because why not.

**Built with [Discord.js](https://discord.js.org/) [(GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js), which is licensed under Apache 2.0.**

This is a rewrite from the ground up. Features will be missing, and new features will be added. ~~Not like anyone cares about the bot anyways.~~

## TL;DR:
- Install Git, Node.JS, ffMPEG.
- `git clone https://github.com/baabaablackgoat/reggie_js`
- If you're on Windows: `npm install --global windows-build-tools`
- `cd reggie_js; npm install`, wait for completion. 
- Add the missing files (see next section)
- `node run`
- ???
- Profit 

## Missing files
If you do end up cloning this bot, you will be missing a few things.
- ./token.js. Refer to templates/token_template.js for a formatting guide.
- The music_files directory. Create it and drop your shit into it. Done.

You can mess with this bot as much as you want. Make it better, make it worse, make it A S C E N D - whatever you do is up to you, and therefore your responsibility, mate.

Lots of love, ~ baabaablackgoat
